In the era of Artificial Intelligence, self-driving cars are going to be the future where autonomy will lie in the hands of the circuits of the autonomous vehicles. Along with autonomous vehicles, there will be manually-driven vehicles on the road too. So to ensure safety and security, check condition and improve vehicular efficiency, the implication of vehicle monitoring in businesses today is really impressive.The Vehicle temperature Monitoring System developed, focuses on monitoring a vehicle which is fitted with this system inside it. Once this system is activated, it will keep on continuously monitoring the location, co content and accident scenarios inside the vehicle. As long as the V.M.S. is up and running and is powered on, it will keep on doing its specified activities as has been tasked to do so. The vehicle monitoring system serves a lot of purposes based on the environment in which it is deployed in. It can be configured, modified or redesigned with ease to act accordingly, as and when needed, based on the requirements of the environment.Comfort Control Systems do more for us today than ever before. They are in charge of keeping your air clean, cooling your car down on a hot summers day, and Keeping your car going at a single speed using Cruise Control.This microcontroller is used in a large number of machines like automobiles as it can be easily integrated around a machine.In our project, the main aim is to design and develop a system that is capable of monitoring the passenger's existence and Heat Monitoring and Displaying. In our project we have used ATmega328 microcontroller along with temperature sensor, Push button, Heat generator, LED and LCD diplay,etc.
